I'm working on a novel it is a story of
my life and my sister's make it short
and spicy and if the main character is a
girl
make sure she's married by the end Wow I
want to be an artist in Rome and be the
best painter in the world what you want
to isn't a Joe to be a famous writer yes
well it sounds so crass when she says my
girls have a way of getting into
mischief well so do i this is Meg Amy
Beth in jail
I intend to make my own way in the world
no one makes their own way least of all
a woman you'll need to marry well you
are not married aren't well that's
because I'm rich so would you like to
dance with me I can't because I scorched
my dress and Meg told me to keep still
so no one would see it I have an idea of
how I can manage
Joe is a lost cause
that's who are your families hope now
I believe we'd have some power over who
we love it isn't something that just
happens to a person I think the poet's
night to sue me we can leave right now
I'll sell stories join you here should
be an actress and you should have a life
on the stage just because my dreams are
different than yours doesn't mean
they're unimportant a new play written
by Miss Joe moss
women they have minds and they have
souls as well as just hearts I want to
be great or nothing and they've got
ambition and they've got talent as well
as just beauty I'm so sick of people
saying that love is just all of the
minutes tick for I'm so sick of it
[Music]
[Applause]
there are some nature's to laughing
about
[Music]
so who does she marry